applications: nrf_desktop: Reduce log verbosity (#11437)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: doc/nrf/releases/release-notes-changelog.rst

nRF Desktop
-----------

> * Set the max compiled-in log level to ``warning`` for USB HID class (:kconfig:option:`CONFIG_USB_HID_LOG_LEVEL_CHOICE`) and reduced log message levels used in the :ref:`nrf_desktop_usb_state_pm` source code.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Set the max compiled-in log level to ``warning`` for the USB HID class (:kconfig:option:`CONFIG_USB_HID_LOG_LEVEL_CHOICE`) and reduce the log message levels used in the :ref:`nrf_desktop_usb_state_pm` source code.
```

  This is done to avoid flooding logs during USB state changes.
* If the USB state is set to :c:enum:`USB_STATE_POWERED`, the :ref:`nrf_desktop_usb_state_pm` restricts the power down level to the :c:enum:`POWER_MANAGER_LEVEL_SUSPENDED` instead of requiring :c:enum:`POWER_MANAGER_LEVEL_ALIVE`.

>   This is done to prevent powering down and waking up device multiple times when an USB cable is attached.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  This is done to prevent the device from powering down and waking up multiple times when an USB cable is connected.
```

> 

Reviewer: We could add "Updated" section header, which is missing.
